.. _rk68_pre2023:

Royal Kludge RK68 (pre 2023 model)
==================================


Command examples:
-----------------

Setting colors:
---------------

Setting the color of the lighting to white.

.. code-block:: console
  
 $ python -m regium_klavye set-color -c 255 255 255 


You can also use named colors such as "red" or "blue".

.. code-block:: console
  
 $ python -m regium_klavye set-color -c red 


...and blue!

.. code-block:: console
  
 $ python -m regium_klavye set-color -c blue 

Setting animations:
-------------------

Minimal example:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: console
 
 $ python -m regium_klavye set-anim --anim neon_stream
 
Any other parameter is filled in with the defaults. The same defaults that the official application uses.

Full example:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: console
 
 $ python -m regium_klavye set-anim --anim neon_stream --color 255 0 100 --color_mix 1 --sleep 1 --brightness 3 --speed 4

Animations:
~~~~~~~~~~~
Currently accepts two animations.
 * neon_stream
 * sin_wave

Speed:
~~~~~~
Speed of the animation.

Accepted values are 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4.

Brightness:
~~~~~~~~~~~
The brightness setting starts from 0 and each increment increases it by %20.

Accepted values are 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5.

Color:
~~~~~~
The color to be used with the animation. Often ignored with color mixing enabled but in some cases can affect the animation.
You can provide an RGB value such as "20 100 200" or a named color like "red".

Color Mix:
~~~~~~~~~~

Makes the aniamtion execute with mixed colors such as a flowing rainbow effect.
Setting color values can change the effects color for some animations.

Accepted values are 0 or 1.

Sleep:
~~~~~~

Time before the keyboard goes to sleep. The sleep setting starts from 10 minutes and each increment increases it by 10 minutes.

Accepted values are 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4.
